Migration guide for SDK v5.0.0 (#589)
okta/okta-sdk-java: MIGRATING.md

 
This SDK uses semantic versioning and follows Okta's [library version policy](https://developer.okta.com/code/library-versions/). In short, we do not make breaking changes unless the major version changes!

> ## Migrating from 4.x.x to 5.0.0

Reviewer: 5.0 should be 4.1 ?

> Version 5.0.0 of this SDK introduces a number of breaking changes from previous versions.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Version 4.1.x of this SDK introduces a number of breaking changes from previous versions.
```
